next season because of this and Kevin
and bull want to thank you so much too
for all you do for the network and we've
had so much fun down through the years
Kevin you've been a veteran coming in
working for Fox Sports Houston for so
long and Matt coming in and the icon
group no man I'm just the old guy we got
a great team and we don't want to make
any changes to those team going next
year yeah we've got we don't need any
first-round draft this is a championship
team we'll stay together and be a lot
fun for you fans we think again we thank
Foxsports Houston for all of these
a grape working with you but now we'll
be back on comcast next year we want you
right here back in Houston so thanks for
being with us this season we'll see you
next year all right guys thanks so this
is our last time around last time this
season last time on Fox Sports you stood
I do mean this when you come to work
with friends it's always fun and it's
always enjoyable and this guy night we
ride it we ride to work so I mean you
know we have a good time and I hope it
goes through for ya we're being green
hey got hope it comes through on the air
as well so we want to thank you so much
for being with us you know I ain't 1983
you have to go back to when we started
doing Houston Rockets basketball was
home sports entertainment back then and
my how it has grown but it is a run that
is ending tonight it will move on to
Comcast from here
things change that's the way life works
8477 the final score it has been an
absolute pleasure working with all the
people that make these games possible
night in and night out they're as good
as anybody that do what they do in this
business our thanks go to them our
thanks to you at home it's been a great
run 1983 Craig Lucas signed this network
on the air with Mike Newland doing
Houston Rockets basketball
hi I'm Greg Lucas I had the pleasure
back in 1983 of doing the play-by-play
for the first Houston rocket action on
HSE which was the forerunner for Fox
Sports Houston the run on Fox Sports
usin is ending now and now it's time for
a final take
again a great team effort he's just glad
to get to win and
when they are the chance dignity they
couldn't close us out
I have one thing to say those
non-believers don't ever underestimate
the heart of a champion
get it down low into the paint
you